make a dark themed multiplayer wifi-hosted tic tac toe game for mobile phones using single page js/html/css which can be played by any amount of players, each have their own symbol (and player name), the first 4 predefined symbols would be: X, O, #, %. there is also an input where you can put your own symbol using unicode letters. when a player chooses his symbol, it cannot be same as someone elses is, and when a new player joins, he will get the next predefined symbol on the list if not taken yet. if there are no free predefined symbols, the symbols list is disabled and player must enter his own symbol to the input next to it. the game would work so that first a player hosts a game (with a name), and then other players may join there. anyone could host their games on the wifi network, so the host should add a name for his game so people can find his game. when host decides there are enough players, he can start the game by pressing start button. the player who starts is chosen randomly, and then the turn goes to next player and so on. the host can define the game goal by defining number of straight symbols (4 X's for example would win). host can also define how big grid there will be (10x10 for example, using two inputs to define x and y). when playing the game, a line is drawn for the winning straight symbols (could draw multiple lines if the last symbol activates multiple straight lines of symbols. then when a player won, it would display on top of the page "(playername) won the game!". use dark theme, black background for the game board, with dark gray grid lines. when playing, you can zoom in and out by pinching and move around the grid map by swiping. double click would place your symbol. so when you open the app, it first shows list of games hosted on that wifi, player can either join an existing game or host his own.






lots of bugs, when i join a game, the "Players in Lobby" list keeps increasing with the last player name. and playing doesnt work either, on console i see spam of messages:

index.html:420 Received: {type: 'player_join', player: {…}}
index.html:420 Received: {type: 'player_join', player: {…}}
forever






now it starts the game properly, but new bugs arises: even with just 2 players, there seems to be 4 players because the second player can put # and % symbols, and after those two are placed by second player, then nobody can do anything anymore



